what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another dose if you
don't know who I am or you're new to
this channel my name is Nasir I'm a
second year medical student at King's
College London and this is my desk
centre this is why I've been studying
for the last one and a half years or so
while attending King's College London
it's also why I edit all my YouTube
videos to on my social entertainment etc
etc so as a student and especially as a
medical student
of course I spend a lot of time studying
at this desk I want my desk to always be
neat I want it to be clean I want
everything that I need to be easily
within reach so there's no friction
between me wanting to study or wanting
to edit and having to get there so first
things first let's talk about the desk
the desk is massive it's from Ikea I
believe it's called the scar scar scar
stuff it's something like that and I was
very important for me cuz I wanted to be
able to spread out all my books and my
papers and my laptop and everything like
that without having to feel worried or
crammed about space and although my desk
is absolutely clean and minimal 99% of
the time when the space is needed it's
always there so another cool thing about
this desk is that it can change between
standing and seating positions so in
this position it's like perfectly level
for me to just sit down and type from my
chair but I can also just do a crank
raise the desk up to a level where it's
good enough for me to be standing and
also working at the same time especially
for those really long study sessions the
ability to move to be sitting and
standing while studying just helps
relieve my back and makes me more
comfortable over that period of time and
before we get into the actual meet of
the desk I think we should start off
with a little bit of the peripherals
what's surrounding it probably the first
thing that you notice when you walk into
my room and look at my desk is this
large almost an atomically accurate
drawing of the human body I have the
bones on one half and the muscles on the
other yes I drew myself and yes it took
a very very long time I did it sort of
as a creative experiment in my free time
back in first year so another thing that
I have is this whiteboard over here
you'll notice I don't use it too
often and it currently just serves as
random for my YouTube channel I'm
definitely not using it as much as I
thought I would I've also got this
fantastic desk lamp it's really useful
because it doesn't take up any actual
space on the desk it sort of clamps on
by the side and that way I started the
functionality of extra lighting on that
lamp without using up any surface space
lamps in my opinion are one of the most
essential parts of a desk you want to
make sure you have good lighting there's
nothing worse than straining your eyes
while trying to write notes or look at
your papers or just staring at your
computer now for the decorative items on
my desk I don't have too many things
there I don't need to be cluttered but
at the same time I want to have a couple
of items just to create some contrast
between that flat white desk so I've
gone the far left there is my 1000
subscribers celebration M&M jar no one's
actually guessed the correct amount of
M&Ms are in that jar so if you guys want
to leave a guess in comment section down
below if anyone gets it right I'll send
you a postcard or something and then
next to that there's that classic green
plant that I just couldn't refuse buying
when I was at IKEA shopping for all of
the different furniture in my room and
then to the right of that we have the
small orange dock now on the right side
of my desk I've got this lovely plank of
wood which I think contrasts beautifully
with the white desk by the way now that
little plank of wood serves to hold
everything that as soon as I enter my
room I take out of my pockets and I put
on my desk and the great thing about
that is that every single time I leave
the house I don't spend any time looking
for my keys my wallet my phone my
earphones anything because I know
they're gonna be in that one place and
if you're wondering about my keys
they're hung up right next to my door so
there's no chance on this thing now the
whole desk revolves around my 13-inch
MacBook Pro this thing is an absolute
beast I've been a PC person my whole
life but after I got this I just have
not looked back it hasn't frozen or even
lagged once since the day that I bought
it it cuts through editing footage and
Final Cut Pro so it's great for my
editing needs in fact without this
laptop I don't think this YouTube
channel would have been possible I've
got a bunch of stickers on it mostly
just for personalization to make it look
a bit more unique when I was choosing
the stickers I made sure that they were
absolutely random because I don't want
anyone to look at my laptop and start
assuming things about me each one of
those stickers has a personal meaning to
me but to someone just looking at them
they just look like a bunch of random
stickers the second big electronic on my
desk is the iPad pro
20-18 this iPod here is my pen and paper
all my colored pencils my highlighter is
my notebook my textbooks my flashcards
it is related to my university life than
you're gonna find it on here now moving
on to the keyboard and trackpad this is
a very important part of my desk setup
like I mentioned before as a student and
as a medical student I spend many many
hours studying at my desk and before I
got that keyboard and trackpad I was
always in this hunched over position
with my shoulders up by my ears causing
me a lot of neck pain and just
discomfort while studying this keyboard
and trackpad allows me to sit back in my
chair have my shoulders nice and relaxed
and just type in a very comfortable
position I've also got this small white
thing that elevates my laptop up above
the desk so that the screen is closer to
my natural eye level those two things
together have probably has the biggest
impact on my health in recent times I
would highly recommend them if you're
experiencing any neck pain or shoulder
pain when studying for extended periods
of time underneath the desk and to my
left I have this neat little hook for my
headphones it gives them a permanent
place to stay where they're hidden from
dust and they're always easily within
reach for me to put on when sitting on
my desk the chair that I use is also
from Ikea I mostly bought it honestly
because it matched the desk and the
drawers in my room has an adjustable
back and an adjustable seat which is
absolutely necessary in my opinion if
you're studying for long periods of time
it's not the most comfortable thing in
the world and there isn't too much to
say about it I'd give it about a 7 out
of 10 if I was gonna have to give that
rating and then to the right of my desk
the last thing that I have is this
massive chest of drawers think it's
called the Alex drawers from Ikea it's
so useful because it just has so many
compartments it makes it much easier to
organize all of my things now within
each drawer it's not very neat it's not
very organized that sort of happens over
time when I'm constantly opening and
closing them I organized the drawers in
terms of frequency of use so the top
drawer has a heightens that I would use
the most and the second drawer has items
Audis after that and then down to the
bottom where items that I would usually
use about once a week and then lastly I
keep all the cables hidden underneath my
desk shoved off to the right so they can
be seen easily when you're in my room
lastly I just have that one USBC cable
behind my desk that I can pull out and
stretch if I need to charge my laptop or
my iPod
headphones alright guys and that is it
for my desk setup I hope you've enjoyed
this video do leave a like and subscribe
to my channel if you want to see more
videos from me and that's it I'll see
you next time peace
[Music]
you